emis killa is from another planet
shall come on October 22 mercury
rapper's second studio album
Milanese that after almost two years between
collaborations with hip hop pillars
club dogo and together with the cache and a
platinum for bad grass there
show your assessment again
with a more mature record product
compared to the present
let's say my intent anyway
however the artist is to grow
and consequently to make it grow too
the perception that people only but not
I know with what excuse you can defend the
people believe prayers but maybe you don't love
read sentence when it comes to
please the young in verona plus his
in short, very young boys
one step at a time I'd like to
get to really have an audience
various so maybe to take more
generations to the fans who will buy one
copy of mercury will be given
chance to meet emis killa
directly in the registration room e
Arabic but one thing for a few
in short, in my opinion it still pushes a
boy to follow you and also because then
those who win remember it
I mean no, it's something that anyway
binds them even more ata
emis killa has recently held high
the Italian flag avoids the prestigious ones
American hip hop awards site in
cypher skill category had the
possibility to compete with monsters
sacred of the caliber of home profit icann
declaim to interact here in person with
a historical dg as premier was
a unique experience then I caught myself
from brave in there while on my way out
in short, they crossed if in things
which for me is a bit like what comes
from campania revenge in si piglia
well it says no and so it was a little
same thing here is beautiful they run between
all traces of the album stands out without
doubt mb 45 song tribute the attacker
of the Milan mario balotelli with whom
the vice rapper to identify himself in many
wait but the song md 45 was
made when in shortly after mario
arrival at Milan but was not made for
which I am Milanist but
the song was made to him as
in short, a kind of tribe if we say a
mario balotelli as more as a soccer player
and as a person I saw in him a little
the slightest alter ego in football rather
that I and a comma
obviously without presumption and thrown away
very crazy about irony